Update Google Pay direct integration (#1926)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/api/payment_methods/post-order-googlepay.md

----------------
`payment_url` | string 

> The URL of the page that you need to redirect your customer to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL of the page to redirect the customer to to complete payment. 
```

> Depending on [how to customer's card is stored](/payment-methods/google-pay/direct/#step-6-redirect-the-customer) in their Google Pay account, this URL references:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on [how the customer's card is stored](/payment-methods/google-pay/direct/#step-6-redirect-the-customer) in their Google Pay account, this URL references:
```

> - A 3D Secure authentication page. **or**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A 3D Secure authentication page, **or**
```

> - Your success page (`payment_options.redirect_url`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your success page (`payment_options.redirect_url`)
```
